hi friends thank you for welcoming me
back into your home along with homespun
tapes it's a pleasure for me to be here
but what we're going to do today is take
you far beyond the basic bluegrass
rhythm same thing so the whole thing
together would sound like this I'll play
up to where I was now what I'm trying to
do here I'm going to hold my little
finger on the first string get my G note
in there I can go to an a7 ok I still
have the same note d7 g 7 that works
well ok now it's going from C to C sharp
diminished this is another diminished
shape and these are the two that I use
that's all it is all time that's the way
you play it if you play it with Texas
style fiddler so you're going to need to
do this this walking set of chords and
it's a it's either a again g6e 9 a-7 d9
let's put it in the mix dude that's
going in there one more time now Oscar
here